docs: info about rendering images using urls (#2589)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/guides/query_datasets.md

This means you cannot search for single words in them, and capitalization and punctuations are taken into account.
You can, however, use wild cards.

```{warning}

> The metadata field has a maximum default length of 50 fields and 128 characters. If you wish to change these values, you can do so by setting your own `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELD_LENGTH` and `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELDS_LIMIT` in your environment variables. Learn more [here](../../setting_started/installation/configurations/server_configuration.md#Environment-variables)

Author: ```suggestion
The metadata field has a maximum default length of 50 fields and 128 characters. If you wish to change these values, you can do so by setting your own `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELD_LENGTH` and `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELDS_LIMIT` in your environment variables. Learn more [here](../getting_started/installation/configurations/server_configuration.md#environment-variables)
```

> The metadata field has by deafult a maximum length of 128 characters and a field limit of 50. If you wish to change these values, you can do so by setting your own `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELD_LENGTH` and `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELDS_LIMIT` in your environment variables. Learn more [here](../getting_started/installation/configurations/server_configuration.md#environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata field has by default a maximum length of 128 characters and a field limit of 50. If you wish to change these values, you can do so by setting your own `ARGILLA_METADATA_FIELD_LENGTH` in the server environment variables. Learn more [here](../getting_started/installation/configurations/server_configuration.md#environment-variables)
```
